com/example/preetumajorproject/ui/LoginFragment.java
 com.example.preetumajorproject.ui.LoginFragment
com/example/preetumajorproject/adminregistration.java
 com.example.preetumajorproject.adminregistration
 com.example.preetumajorproject.adminregistration$1
 com.example.preetumajorproject.adminregistration$2
 com.example.preetumajorproject.adminregistration$3
 com.example.preetumajorproject.adminregistration$4
 com.example.preetumajorproject.adminregistration$5
 com.example.preetumajorproject.adminregistration$5$1
com/example/preetumajorproject/StudentLogin.java
 com.example.preetumajorproject.StudentLogin
 com.example.preetumajorproject.StudentLogin$1
 com.example.preetumajorproject.StudentLogin$2
com/example/preetumajorproject/ui/AddServicesFragment.java
 com.example.preetumajorproject.ui.AddServicesFragment
 com.example.preetumajorproject.ui.AddServicesFragment$1
 com.example.preetumajorproject.ui.AddServicesFragment$2
 com.example.preetumajorproject.ui.AddServicesFragment$3
 com.example.preetumajorproject.ui.AddServicesFragment$4
 com.example.preetumajorproject.ui.AddServicesFragment$4$1
com/example/preetumajorproject/ui/RegistrationFragment.java
 com.example.preetumajorproject.ui.RegistrationFragment
com/example/preetumajorproject/ui/gallery/GalleryFragment.java
 com.example.preetumajorproject.ui.gallery.GalleryFragment
com/example/preetumajorproject/ui/ServiceManagementFragment.java
 com.example.preetumajorproject.ui.ServiceManagementFragment
com/example/preetumajorproject/MainActivity.java
 com.example.preetumajorproject.MainActivity
 com.example.preetumajorproject.MainActivity$1
 com.example.preetumajorproject.MainActivity$2
 com.example.preetumajorproject.MainActivity$3
com/example/preetumajorproject/ServiceList.java
 com.example.preetumajorproject.ServiceList
com/example/preetumajorproject/dbadapter.java
 com.example.preetumajorproject.dbadapter
 com.example.preetumajorproject.dbadapter$myviewholder
com/example/preetumajorproject/StudentRegister.java
 com.example.preetumajorproject.StudentRegister
 com.example.preetumajorproject.StudentRegister$1
 com.example.preetumajorproject.StudentRegister$2
 com.example.preetumajorproject.StudentRegister$3
 com.example.preetumajorproject.StudentRegister$4
shop_list.java
 shop_list
com/example/preetumajorproject/ForgotPassword.java
 com.example.preetumajorproject.ForgotPassword
 com.example.preetumajorproject.ForgotPassword$1
com/example/preetumajorproject/ShopList.java
 com.example.preetumajorproject.ShopList
com/example/preetumajorproject/dbmodel.java
 com.example.preetumajorproject.dbmodel
com/example/preetumajorproject/ui/ChangePasswordFragment.java
 com.example.preetumajorproject.ui.ChangePasswordFragment
 com.example.preetumajorproject.ui.ChangePasswordFragment$1
com/example/preetumajorproject/AdminLogin.java
 com.example.preetumajorproject.AdminLogin
 com.example.preetumajorproject.AdminLogin$1
 com.example.preetumajorproject.AdminLogin$2
 com.example.preetumajorproject.AdminLogin$2$1
com/example/preetumajorproject/ui/LogoutFragment.java
 com.example.preetumajorproject.ui.LogoutFragment
com/example/preetumajorproject/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.preetumajorproject.BuildConfig
com/example/preetumajorproject/AdminDashbard.java
 com.example.preetumajorproject.AdminDashbard
 com.example.preetumajorproject.AdminDashbard$1
com/example/preetumajorproject/ui/home/HomeFragment.java
 com.example.preetumajorproject.ui.home.HomeFragment
 com.example.preetumajorproject.ui.home.HomeFragment$1
 com.example.preetumajorproject.ui.home.HomeFragment$2
 com.example.preetumajorproject.ui.home.HomeFragment$3
 com.example.preetumajorproject.ui.home.HomeFragment$4
 com.example.preetumajorproject.ui.home.HomeFragment$5
 com.example.preetumajorproject.ui.home.HomeFragment$6
com/example/preetumajorproject/ui/MyProfileFragment.java
 com.example.preetumajorproject.ui.MyProfileFragment
com/example/preetumajorproject/ui/slideshow/SlideshowFragment.java
 com.example.preetumajorproject.ui.slideshow.SlideshowFragment
